country 1971 Hank FM we were joined by
Eric Church good to see you Haden good
we just saw you on the country Throwdown
tour in Indianapolis and that huh yeah
it was fun you were starting up a little
trouble there on the on the Throwdown
tour where you started off on one stage
and then they moved you to the other one
there my fans
yeah asking it you can't leave him alone
for a second never know what'll happen
we started out I was enjoying the
acoustic we were doing unplugged and
uncensored on the outlaw stage and our
fans were having none of it
they launched an official protest and
with Throwdown they did a petition
online and then they took it to the
violent level and started burning
Throwdown shirts at the parking lot
insisting that we be on the main stage
so I throw down people movies maybe a
very nice I love our fans look like a
third-world riot you know airs on the
main stage where we'll be next we may
headline that thing for it's over now
you know I think I think what happened
actually is they needed to get you off a
stage that said uncensored yeah censored
yeah that's right
good point I've seen the live show
before no and we're glad to have you
through town and and yeah and the hell
on the heart the latest single I know
you have a new one out now but the most
recent single that you had I love the
first of all the video is really awesome
because it just has a real look to it
that's very client it's something you'll
never see me in ever again you know I'm
not a student a guy so that's kind of
what we were going for is something
really you would never see at our live
show it's yeah farthest away from what
even my band the crowd I mean to have a
crowd that we always have a crowd
fighting by the end of the first song
you know so the fact that there wasn't a
melee in front of us
pretty girls up front and there's always
guys you know so for us it was a you'll
never see that live and it was a neat
little parallel reality there yeah well
you hit the screen and then you know
cast those people to come in and make
sure there wasn't any fighting right
that's good but I love doing any of our
real fans that's why I love the the
opening guitar sound of that it's so
unique how did you get that to arrive at
that sound it's actually it was that
that particular song we tried to cut it
you never know when you go in the studio
we tried three or four different
treatments on it and just couldn't
right and it ended up being myself
staying after one day after hours with a
guitar player and bass player and the
three of us sat around and we cut that
part live we did cetera so let's try
this nothing else worked and the guitar
player came I did it aerator and once he
once he started that we jumped into and
it was the song you know so sometimes it
just song finds you in the studio you
know and that was one of those
situations well it turned out to be a
hit for you and you got a new one called
smoke a little smoke yeah what you're
working on it's the biggest live song
I've ever had and you know we it's for a
while it's been our biggest song
intercept it's not even a single and
label came out to a couple of shows and
started seeing the crowd react to it and
they just tear the place apart with
flame and so I'm excited about it as a
single thanks for doing so they watched
a few one the biggest fight erupts
that's right that's the one so they pick
it one yeah that's right how's married
life it's good good really good yeah
yeah you get back home to North Carolina
much know how much I did to it some
especially during basketball season I'm
a big target fans rough year this year
but that's alright I'm from Virginia so
we haven't had a good team since Ralph
Sampson it's true one year there yeah
there's these briefly briefly yeah it's
a it's a I'd love to get home more but
you know it's part of what we did you
know we live along to her bus and I've
built my whole career around the live
thing more so than anything so we stay
on the road yeah well it's no lie that
when you see a live show you you demand
more from Eric Church and get you on the
bigger stages so congratulations on that
good to see again thank you Eric Church
with us live on country 97 one Hank fm